So that's the end of lesson 22. Take a look at this week's goal.
Think of one person with whom you could share the good news. Think about what to say,
how to say it and when to say it. Isn't that technically three goals? You'll
do great. Let's close with a prayer. Well, Jocelyn wants me to do this
meditation seminar. You guys are into that, right? Well, we were. But I'm like, I can't
deal with that right now. With everything happening in the world, inflation is
killing my business. I just have bigger problems to think about. But what's bigger
than inner peace? Making payroll. Your brother is a Neanderthal. Look, it's not
my fault the world's amass. What do you guys think? So, what did you say? We
totally froze. It's a big step to share what you've learned. It's just for us. Our
spirituality's always been, you know, personal. We've never liked the idea of
pushing our beliefs on others. I know we're not pushing for it. We used to feel
the same way. I didn't think I could ever preach. I didn't even like the word
preach. How did you get over it? Well, the more we studied, the more we came to
realize that when Jesus said go and make disciples, he was talking to us. It's the
work that Jesus gave each one of us personally. Sometimes it feels like it's
too much for us. Well, it is too much for justice. But do you remember what
Jesus promised next? I am with you. Exactly. And he knew that sometimes it would
be hard. But we have some very powerful help. Here's some homework. Take a look at
Revelation chapter 14 and verse 6. And I saw another angel flying in mid-
heaven. We need everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth.
And this is neat point in the research guide. It says that a God's angels do not
preach directly to people. I'm so glad like God has to do this homework. I didn't
realize mid- heaven means overhead. Help is so close. Yeah, they're right there
with us. Are you sure you have time for that before service? Almost done. Who
taught you electrical? The internet. Hit it. Try that. Let there be light. Amazing.
Sorry about today. I know we haven't been on much lately. It's just our schedule. We
work all week plus meetings and family worship. And on the weekends these house
projects just kind of take over. You've got a lot on your plate. But we know that
ministry is important. Jesus gave us this work to do. Right. But do you think
there's more to our preaching than just this work we need to do? Well it's also
how we show love for people. That's true too. You know there's a Bible example
that really helped me. Notice what it says right here. He encouraged me to
meditate on how Paul described his ministry at Romans chapter 15 in verse 16. I am
engaging in the holy work of the good news of God. So to Paul his ministry wasn't
just work. It was the holy work of the good news. Exactly. His ministry wasn't
something Paul did in addition to his worship. It was a part of his worship. It was
one of the ways he showed how much he really loved Jehovah. I like that. Here's the
question. Do you think God hears our prayers? Is that something that you've
wondered about? Good morning. We're asking our neighbors a question. Do you think God hears our prayers?
But does God hear our prayers? Have you ever wondered that? Psalm 652 answers the
question. It says, I've got to try something different. A person will be more likely to
listen to our message if he senses that we care about him. Do you think people sense out
about us? Or do they just see a guy trying to plow through a scripture and hand them something?
Well this is what I need to work on. Empathize with the person. Try to imagine how he feels.
When I'm nervous, I'm thinking more about how I feel, not how they feel.
Me too. I like this part. Be helpful. Acts of kindness can open the door to a conversation.
So it's not so much what we say, but finding a way to show who we are. Maybe we can try that
this weekend. Dispreparing. Focus on whoever's behind the door instead of myself.
I was thinking about family worship too. You know, we've always cared about people.
We just have to let us show. Let's pray for Jehovah to help us do that.
Dear Father, Jehovah, come to you now. Good morning. Oh, I see you got your hands full.
Yeah, I hope water heater. I feel your pain. I was broke last month. We'll let you get back to it.
Thank you. Last week, the roof. Next, the furnace. Our fixer uppers full of surprises too.
My name is Aiden. This is my wife, Ellie. I'm Ross. Nice to meet you, Russ.
Both the hot water heater. I found some videos online that saved me hours. I can pull them up.
It's okay. I think I've got this, but thank you. So what's this all about anyways?
Well, we live nearby and we've been volunteering to share something that's really helped us as a family.